= swing
by: Arvicco
url: http://github.com/arvicco/swing

== DESCRIPTION:

Straightforward wrappers for javax.swing Components that simplify Swing code in JRuby-based GUI applications.

== PROBLEMS:

This code is NOT production-ready! For production-ready code, try something like Rubeus:
[https://github.com/akm/rubeus]. Personally, I've tried to use Rubeus and its auto-magic
worked great for some use-cases, but I had problems extending its code when I needed to
change default Rubeus behavior. For the life of me, I cannot figure out where all this
Rubeus magic happens and how to change ANYTHING without the whole stage with smoke and
mirrors falling down on me.

Maybe it's just me - but I'm uncomfortable with complicated code and prefer much more
straightforward solutions. So, I intend this lib to be straightforward - even at the
expense of performance.

== FEATURES:

Library adds extended functionality to original javax.swing classes, such as:
* Ability to set attributes via constructor options:
  Swing::JButton.new 'Title', :enabled => false
* Ability to define settable attributes/properties via attr_setter class macro,
  as well as (optional) defaults for them that may be different from Swing's original defaults
* Auto adding component to parent if ops[:parent] is given to initializer

== SYNOPSIS:

  FIXME (code sample of usage)

== REQUIREMENTS:

* FIXME (list of requirements)

== INSTALL:

  $ sudo gem install swing

== LICENSE:

Copyright (c) 2011 Arvicco. See LICENSE for details.
